Adding license mention (#4396)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/office-365-network-mac-perf-overview.md

The internet egress location is the location where your network traffic exits your enterprise network and connects to the Internet. This is also identified as the location where you have a Network Address Translation (NAT) device and usually where you connect with an Internet Service Provider (ISP). If you see a long distance between your location and your internet egress location, then this may indicate a significant WAN backhaul.

### What license is needed for this capability?

> A license that provides access to the M365 Admin Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You require a  license that provides access to the Microsoft 365 admin center.
```
